All right.
So now we'll try to invoke this history.
But before that, as I told you, we also need to do pass the session ID.
So let's do this.
I'm going to create a session ID for that matter.
So I'm going to say session ID is equal to probably Karthik over here.
And now I'm going to say response is equal to history.
And I'm going to do an invoke over here I think guess what.
This this intellisense is not all coming over here for me.
There we go.
Uh, and for some reason none of the intellisense is really working for me over here.
I don't know what's really going on there.
Uh, and I'm going to pass the prompt message here.
So I'm going to say the prompt as, uh, what's the benefit of running LM in local machine?
So this is the same question that we have been asking from the start of the course, which I am asking
once again over here.
And guess what?
Now, not only the prompt we need, we also need to pass what is called as a config.
And over here on the config I'm going to say over here as configurable.
So this is a configurable um key that I need to pass.
And over here on the configurable I need to pass the session ID.
As the session ID that I created over here, which is this guy.
Right.
So this is something I need to pass for every single chat message that I'm going to be doing.
So only then the LLM will have an idea of which user is talking to him.
Right?
And now guess what?
In the response two over here I'm just going to create another response.
So this is response one.
This is response two.
I'm going to say we have asked the benefits here right?
I'm just going to say how about for cloud?
You see that this is like a follow up question.
I'm not even giving any context of what it is, but I'm just asking how about for cloud?
Which means now this is going to be like a follow up question for me over here.
So this way LLM will answer based on the first context and the second context.
Look at that.
This is pretty cool.
And now let's try to print this particular responses like what is really going to come up.
So I'm going to say response one.
And I'm going to print probably and slash n.
And then I'm going to print again the response to okay this one.
And I'm going to save this code.
And now let's try to run this particular code.
Looks like there is some error coming up over here.
It says that the from message uh attribute is not there.
It looks like it's not from message but it is from messages.
I'm sorry about that.
I just from message.
That's the problem with the intelligence not really coming up over there.
And we have got this bigger problem.
There we go.
So now the code is actually working for us over here.
So you will notice that this random message this time is going to pass the chain information.
And it is also going to go and check the session history every single time before it's going to answer
the question as I told you.
Look at that.
So for for the first time, it is going to give us this particular answer over here.
And for the second question, you will notice that for a more practical purpose, especially in one
large dataset, the complex model using cloud services offer more feasible due to their scalable infrastructure.
Look at that.
It now knows there is a context for both of these particular questions.
Maybe I know this.
Maybe it's not quite clear for you over here.
So let's say I'm going to ask a question.
What is the distance between Earth and Sun?
And the next follow up question I'm going to ask is How about moon so that see that this is like a follow
up question.
And now the LM should answer both of these for us.
Let's see what's going to really happen over here.
So you will see that it says that the average distance between the Earth and sun is approximately 93
million miles over here, which is great.
And also over here, it shows that the average distance between the moon and sun, uh, is approximately
93 million miles.
So, I mean, it just says between moon and sun.
So it has somehow, uh, got the context that it's between the sun and moon, so Earth and sun, and
then we have the LM things that is from sun and moon.
So that is what it is really doing over here.
And even that one is 93 million miles.
I'm not pretty sure about that.
But that's what this is telling me over here.
Uh, but but yeah, you can see that this is how things are like.
You could do a follow up question with a history message over here, and this is how you can do it.
And you can also do some more things like you can also do a cleanup of the history message if you wanted
to do it.
So for instance, if I want to do get session history of the session ID, and if you wanted to do a
clear, probably you can do the clear operation as well.
So the session will be cleared every single time before the execution really happens.
And then you will have like a correct answer every single time.
So look at that.
Now this is correct.
So the first time it says the average distance between Earth and sun is this one.
And then the average distance between Earth and the moon is approximately 200.
Yeah.
This is correct.
So this this this guy this is very important because for some reason it has the old historical information
before it start running it.
So make sure that you always clear the session before you start the new conversation.
So that is how you can keep on asking the questions.
And this is how we can actually make the historical operation happens with the chat message history,
uh, which is available in the community of the.